add vectorization in review checklist (#3841)
intel/torch-xpu-ops: .claude/skills/pr-review/references/review-checklist.md

- [ ] Claimed optimizations come with benchmark evidence or at least a concrete design rationale
- [ ] **No unnecessary allocations** — Tensors are not repeatedly created in hot loops
- [ ] **Appropriate in-place operations** — Use in-place ops where possible in performance-critical paths

> - [ ] Check vectorization in sycl kernel. If developer want to do vectorization, the code should follows this pattern: It should use `using vec_t = memory::aligned_vector<scalar_t, vec_size>;` and use `vec_t` to do load store. i.e. `const vec_t* input_vec = reinterpret_cast<const vec_t*>(input);`, then `vec_t local_input_data = input_vec[i]`, use `local_input_data` to do following calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **SYCL kernel vectorization** — If the kernel uses vectorized loads/stores, verify it follows the `aligned_vector` pattern:
  - [ ] Pointer arguments are qualified with `__restrict__` to enable aliasing optimizations
  - [ ] Vector type declared as `using vec_t = memory::aligned_vector<scalar_t, vec_size>`
  - [ ] Loads use reinterpret cast + index: `const vec_t* __restrict__ input_vec = reinterpret_cast<const vec_t*>(input);` then `vec_t data = input_vec[i]`
  - [ ] Computation operates on the loaded `vec_t` local, not on raw pointer arithmetic
```

Reviewer 2: > Pointer arguments are qualified with `__restrict__` to enable aliasing optimizations

`RESTRICT` works on both linux and windows.
